MC-15740: Update docs for billing settings (#416)
cloudops/cloudmc-api-docs: source/includes/administration/_billing_settings.md

`id`<br/>*UUID* | The configured billing settings' id.
`organization.id`<br/>*UUID* | The organization id that the billing settings are linked to. It cannot be changed.
`version`<br/>*integer* | The billing settings version.

> `daysBeforeAutoDraft`<br/>*integer* | The number of days to look for usage from a customer before it's drafted without it. Cannot be less than 2 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`daysBeforeAutoDraft`<br/>*integer* | The number of days after the billing date to continue gathering missing customer usage before the invoice is drafted. Cannot be less than 2 days.
```

`id`<br/>*UUID* | The configured billing settings' id.
`organization.id`<br/>*UUID* | The organization id that the billing settings are linked to. It cannot be changed.
`version`<br/>*integer* | The billing settings version.

> `daysBeforeAutoDraft`<br/>*integer* | The number of days to look for usage from a customer before it's drafted without it. Cannot be less than 2 days.

Reviewer: same

Required | &nbsp;
---------- | -----------

> `daysBeforeAutoDraft`<br/>*integer* | The number of days to look for usage from a customer before it's drafted without it. Cannot be less than 2 days.

Reviewer: same

---------- | -----------
`id`<br/>*UUID* | The configured billing settings' id.
`organization.id`<br/>*UUID* | The organization id that the billing settings are linked to. It cannot be changed.

> `daysBeforeAutoDraft`<br/>*integer* | The number of days to look for usage from a customer before it's drafted without it. Cannot be less than 2 days.

Reviewer: same
